README.md, before:

# MTG API

![black_lotus](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73848683/219573928-da183629-6df6-42bf-8777-35fc038c12d8.jpg)

Hello, this project entails me making a web scrapper for the website MTG Top 8. 
The data being scrapped is 1 deck of each named in the formats of Standard, Modern, Vintage, and Legacy.
Finally a web api is going to be created to allow users to fetch the data.

UPDATE: I was able to scrape for the formats explorer, historic, pioneer, and pauper. (2/17/2023)
UPDATE: I was able to add all of the formats available from the website. The only format that I have 
trouble with is cEDH which most likely has to deal with how slow the web page itself is. (2/17/2023)
UPDATE: I was able to finish issue two, Some formats only had a limited amount of options that can be shown, so there is nothing we can do about that. I still need to figure out how to fix the cEDH format.(3/10/2023)

### Future goals: 

- [X] Issue 1: Add a couple of more formats (2/20/2023)
- [X] Issue 2: Allow the user to select the different versions of each format 
    Ex. Standard has multiple different metagame breakdowns for different time periods such as Last 2 months, Last 2 weeks, etc. Currently right now the way I have             it set up is that the first option is shown, so the goal would be to allow the user to select which time period they want.
- [ ] Issue 3: Make specific api routes that allow users to select how many decks they want in the chosen format
- [ ] Issue 4: Make specific api routes that allow users to chose a specific deck they want in a given format
- [ ] Issue 5: Make a function that allows a user to enter a deck name, event, or player no matter what format it is
    Explanation: This could be done with the search page in mtgtop8 website. The website allows for people to search for event, deck, or player no matter the format. Just got to learn how to type into forms in puppeeter.
- [ ] Issue 6: Either deploy this in a free api service or figure out how to make this into an npm package (might just do both if push comes to shove).

Commit message:

Starting to make the api routes to be a lot more cleaner

README.md, after:

# MTG API

![black_lotus](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73848683/219573928-da183629-6df6-42bf-8777-35fc038c12d8.jpg)

Hello, this project entails me making a web scrapper for the website MTG Top 8. 
The data being scrapped is 1 deck of each named in the formats of Standard, Modern, Vintage, and Legacy.
Finally a web api is going to be created to allow users to fetch the data.

UPDATE: I was able to scrape for the formats explorer, historic, pioneer, and pauper. (2/17/2023)
UPDATE: I was able to add all of the formats available from the website. The only format that I have 
trouble with is cEDH which most likely has to deal with how slow the web page itself is. (2/17/2023)
UPDATE: I was able to finish issue two, Some formats only had a limited amount of options that can be shown, so there is nothing we can do about that. I still need to figure out how to fix the cEDH format.(3/10/2023)

### Future goals: 

- [X] Issue 1: Add a couple of more formats (2/20/2023)
- [X] Issue 2: Allow the user to select the different versions of each format 
    Ex. Standard has multiple different metagame breakdowns for different time periods such as Last 2 months, Last 2 weeks, etc. Currently right now the way I have             it set up is that the first option is shown, so the goal would be to allow the user to select which time period they want.
- [ ] Issue 3: Format the api routes to be more cleaner with routes and middleware
- [ ] Issue 4: Make specific api routes that allow users to chose a specific deck they want in a given format
- [ ] Issue 5: Make a mongodb database to store all of the decks and make the api calls as needed.
- [ ] Issue 6: Either deploy this in a free api service or figure out how to make this into an npm package (might just do both if push comes to shove).
